= codefumes

http://www.codefumes.com

== DESCRIPTION:

CodeFumes.com[http://codefumes.com] is a service intended to help people
involved with software projects who are interested in tracking, sharing,
and reviewing metrics/information about a project in relation to the
commits of said project's repository.  The site supports a small set of
'standard' metrics, but also provides a simple method of supplying
and retrieving custom metrics, allowing users to gather any metric they
are interested in tracking.

The 'codefumes' gem is an implementation of the
CodeFumes.com[http://codefumes.com] API. The intention of the
gem is to simplify integration with CodeFumes.com for developers of
other libraries & and applications.

For an example of another library using the current features of this
gem, you can refer to the
'cf-harvester[http://cf-harvester.rubyforge.org/]'  gem.

== FEATURES/PROBLEMS:

=== Features
* Saving, finding, marshalling, and destroying CodeFumes
  projects
* Associating and retrieving a repository's history of commits for a
  CodeFumes 'project'
* Simple interface for accessing both CodeFumes's 'standard' commit
  metrics, as well as custom commit attributes; simplifying
  integration with other tools & libraries users may be interested in
  using.
* Interfaces with the CodeFumes config file (used to track projects a
  user has created on the site)

=== Problems / Things to Note

* CodeFumes 'projects' are repository-specific, not branch-specific.

== SYNOPSIS:

  require 'codefumes'

  # Creating & finding a CodeFumes project
  p = Project.save  # optionally providing a custom public key: :public_key => 'Abc3'
  found_p = Project.find(p.public_key)
  p.pulic_key # => 'Abc3'
  p.api_uri   # => 'http://codefumes.com/api/v1/xml/Abc3'

  # Commits
  c = Commit.find(<commit identifier>)
  c.identifier    # => git commit SHA (svn support coming soon)
  c.short_message # => commit message

  # Custom attributes associated with a commit
  c.custom_attributes[:coverage] # => "80"


  # Payloads, used to break up large HTTP requests
  content = Payload.prepare(payload_content)
  content.each {|chunk| chunk.save}

== REQUIREMENTS:

* httparty (0.4.3)

== INSTALL:

From RubyForge:

  sudo gem install codefumes

Or, from Github:

  sudo gem install cosyn-codefumes

== LICENSE:

(The MIT License)

Copyright (c) 2009 Cosyn Technologies, Inc.

Permission is hereby granted, free of charge, to any person obtaining
a copy of this software and associated documentation files (the
'Software'), to deal in the Software without restriction, including
without limitation the rights to use, copy, modify, merge, publish,
distribute, sublicense, and/or sell copies of the Software, and to
permit persons to whom the Software is furnished to do so, subject to
the following conditions:

The above copyright notice and this permission notice shall be
included in all copies or substantial portions of the Software.

THE SOFTWARE IS PROVIDED 'AS IS', WITHOUT WARRANTY OF ANY KIND,
EXPRESS OR IMPLIED, INCLUDING BUT NOT LIMITED TO THE WARRANTIES OF
MERCHANTABILITY, FITNESS FOR A PARTICULAR PURPOSE AND NONINFRINGEMENT.
IN NO EVENT SHALL THE AUTHORS OR COPYRIGHT HOLDERS BE LIABLE FOR ANY
CLAIM, DAMAGES OR OTHER LIABILITY, WHETHER IN AN ACTION OF CONTRACT,
TORT OR OTHERWISE, ARISING FROM, OUT OF OR IN CONNECTION WITH THE
SOFTWARE OR THE USE OR OTHER DEALINGS IN THE SOFTWARE.
